---
tags: [英语阅读]
---

# 2012 年

## Text 1 

### Paragraph 1 T21
Come on—Everybody's doing it.  

That {++whispered v.耳语++} message, half {++invitation n.邀请,请帖++} and half forcing, is what most of us think of when we hear the words **peer pressure(同辈压力)**.  

It usually **leads to** no good—drinking, drugs and casual sex.  

{==But==}t in her new book Join the Club, Tina Rosenberg {++contends v.声称,主张++} that peer pressure can also be a positive force through what she calls the social cure, in which organizations and officials use the power of group dynamics to help {++individuals n(pl) 个人/ (adj) 单独的/个人的++} improve their lives and possibly the world.  

T21 According to the **first paragraph**, peer pressure often {++emerges v.暴露,复现++} as  

[A] a {++supplement n.增补物,填充物 vt.补充++} to the social cure.  

[B] a {++stimulus n.刺激物,促进因素++} to group {++dynamics n.动力学,相互作用++}.  

[C] an {++obstacle n.障碍++} to social progress.  

{==[D]==} a cause of {++undesirable adj.不良的,不合心意的++} behaviors. 

直接来自于 It usually **leads to** no good—drinking, drugs and casual sex.  

### Paragraph 2
Rosenberg, the {++recipient n.受益者++} of a {==Pulitzer Prize 普利策奖==}, offers {==a host of 大量,许多==} examples of the social cure in action:  

In South Carolina, a state-{++sponsored adj.赞助的++} antismoking program called Rage Against the Haze sets out to make {++cigarettes n.香烟++} uncool.  

In South Africa, an HIV-prevention {++initiative n.主动权,提议,提案++} known as loveLife {++recruits v.招收,招募 n.新兵++} young people to promote safe sex among their peers.  

### Paragraph 3

The idea seems promising, and Rosenberg is a {++perceptive adj.洞察力强的,敏锐的++} observer.  

Her {++critique n.评论,评论文字++} of the {++lameness n.疼,蹩脚,差劲++} of many public-health campaigns is spot-on: they fail to {++mobilize v.动员,鼓动,调用++} peer pressure for healthy habits, and they {++demonstrate v.展现,表明,示威++} a seriously {++flawed adj.有错误的,有缺点的++} understanding of {++psychology n.心理学++}.  

“Dare to be different, please don't smoke!” pleads one {++billboard n.广告牌++} {++campaign n.运动++} aimed at reducing smoking among teenagers—teenagers, who desire nothing more than fitting in.  

Rosenberg argues convincingly that **public-health advocates** ought to{==take a page from 效仿某人==} advertisers, so skilled at applying peer pressure.  

T22 Rosenberg holds that public-health advocates should

[A] recruit professional advertisers.

{==[B]==}learn from advertisers' experience.

[C] stay away from commercial advertisers.

[D] recognize the {++limitations n.局限性++} of advertisements.

这道题是第四句话的同义替换 

### Paragraph 4 T23

{==But==} on the general effectiveness of the social cure, Rosenberg is less {++persuasive adj.有说服力的++}.  

Join the Club is filled with too much irrelevant detail and not enough exploration of the social and biological factors that make peer pressure so powerful.  

The most glaring flaw of the social cure as it's presented here is that it doesn't work very well for very long.  

Rage Against the Haze failed once state funding was cut.  

Evidence that the loveLife program produces lasting changes is limited and {++mixed adj. 混合的 -> 褒贬不一++}.  

T23 In the author's view, Rosenberg's book fails to

{==[A]==} {++adequately adv.充分地,够格地++} {++probe v.追究,深究++} social and biological factors.

[B] effectively evade the flaws of the social cure.

[C] illustrate the functions of state funding.

[D] produce a long-lasting social effect.

问的是书的缺陷,而不是Rosenberg 提出的 social cure 的缺陷 

### Paragraph 5 T24
There's no doubt that our peer groups {++exert vi.施加,应用++} enormous influence on our behavior.  

An emerging body of research shows that positive health habits—as well as negative ones—spread through networks of friends via social communication.  

This is a subtle form of peer pressure: we unconsciously {++imitate vt.效仿,模仿++} the behavior we see every day.  

T24 Paragraph 5 shows that our imitation of behaviors

[A] is harmful to our networks of friends.

[B] will mislead behavioral studies.

{==[C]==} occurs without our realizing it.

[D] can produce negative health habits.

### Paragraph 6 T25
Far less certain, however, is how successfully experts and bureaucrats can select our peer groups and steer their activities in virtuous directions.  

It's like the teacher who breaks up the troublemakers in the back row by pairing them with better-behaved classmates.  

The tactic never really works.  

And that's the problem with a social cure engineered from the outside: in the real world, as in school, we insist on choosing our own friends.  

T25 The author suggests in the last paragraph that the effect of peer pressure is

[A] harmful.

[B] desirable.

[C] profound.

[D] questionable